why hollywood we are right now
all in football fever or I miss
no game because i love football though
you can click on specific individuals, the
life environment these comments in soccer
by itself or if I am now
is it too dry says times where plays
actually today without david becker like that
they do not play well for that
Get a few millions
I could also point to draw the
finally out of here will be the
Customers simply took the ball away
that is not allowed or we will come
now he is sad but little guy
I am
for the African and appreciate because
I'll have to spend millions on these
sand play space or if at all in
rain was able to it a bit
what to do
meedia now has totally dress of it
and certainly not 18 I do not know
not that he is going to play loewe
Assist one off but one can
but also some other teams goal
let make
the watch is so sad , yes the
dance so nice that is now but there
Well, then I can do that quickly
post facebook
especially the last sentence we can
talk about why cristiano
Ronaldo is so hot I understand that
namely frankly I also write
your opinion in the comments
But now we come first also
put this here while watching football
say so with your football clubs
friends proud of his age what was that
but for the couple by the
but loose through the damn gap
So you do not see yourself standing
free the yellow card for it completely honestly
the effect only halo effect that still only
hello schiri hello disneys that has that
bitten the certain yes hello first
with a red card
there's even after residue bumblebee
now maybe need to be replaced
nobody to bring in energy
he has both still means the ball is
still hot now follow-up now comes
already he could not do something
because there is no sign to swim
You guys have to do a little bit
just play offensive offensive
good defensive does not bring yes
the ball into the goal was clear that we
win if you are tactical before
superior tries such sentences again
Of course, one again and again
suitable place
furthermore , your posture is important
oriented you out easily to your
friends
but if you sit in stone
Just follow this
posture
Why does that matter?
otherwise my best tip to sit back
and enjoy the game the most
soccer games especially now at the wm
are really exciting and worth seeing
a tip to my girls out there
is stuck after each game
neither the most beautiful man in the square was
then you have to play the game
pay close attention to the application
Incidentally, I can also make fun, too
every now and then and the question of this
Of course, videos are for who you are
at the wm
I am of course for Germany but
I also believe that the Netherlands and
brazil at this wm very good
they have had chances so far
played pretty well that already has
again with this video if you still
could not have had enough of me
always he can not benefit me all
or pasta does not run a football game
then you can go back to the last video
look from me that subscribers special
where I showed you all my face
has, if you like the video or
in the mega moderate potter fans give me
another pattern please look up to
next video diligently football games
so that we can discuss it and
Although here in the comments
if not so the comment humankind
we would like to be on my facebook
Write lite message
we can do that and stop
about copper writes left in the
video description
we'll be back next time
until then people and football fans adios
amigos